If you're asking me about activities on the ship and what happens on cruises,
I have to tell you that I'm the wrong guy to ask. As a cryptologist,
a hundred percent of my duty has been from land based cryptologic
activities. I've been on about a dozen navy ships in my life
but for less than a day in each case, generally visiting the cryptologic
units on board to find out how their life is going. So from them
what I've learned is life at sea is very busy. Sometimes working so
much you have very little time left except for just eating and sleeping
and getting your clothes washed and take care yourself than doing
some PT. But largely on board a ship a lot of time spent reading,
lot of time spent watching DVDs, of course the communications the
way they are now, often you can call home, so that's the sort of thing
you can do on a ship.